README.md, before:

<!-- ![Jim's GitHub Banner](./assets/GitHubBanner500.jpg) -->
<!-- ![Jim's GitHub Banner](./assets/Ridleygold_1280.jpg) -->
<!-- ![Jim's GitHub Banner](./assets/GitHubAlchemy1.jpg) -->

![Jim's GitHub Banner](./assets/Ridleygold_1500x500.jpg 'Fall foliage at Ridley Creek State Park')
![GitHub commit activity](https://img.shields.io/github/commit-activity/y/Kernix13/Kernix13?style=for-the-badge)
![GitHub Followers](https://img.shields.io/github/followers/Kernix13?style=for-the-badge)
![Twitter Follow](https://img.shields.io/twitter/follow/jimkernicky?style=social)

<!-- ![freeCodeCamp](https://img.shields.io/freecodecamp/points/fccb4a9d0f6-135f-4a94-97f5-795068269ca7?label=freeCodeCamp&style=for-the-badge) -->
<!-- ![GitHub all releases](https://img.shields.io/github/downloads/Kernix13/Kernix13/total?style=flat-square) -->
<!-- [![hits](https://hits.deltapapa.io/github/Kernix13/hits-badge.svg)](https://hits.deltapapa.io) -->

**<h1 align="center"><ins>JAMES KERNICKY</ins></h1>**

<img src="https://github.com/Kernix13/Kernix13/blob/main/circle-profile-pic.png" >

## ABOUT ME

I live in Springfield, Pennsylvania, and have been building projects and apps using front-end and back-end languages and technologies with the goal of landing a Web Design or Front-End Developer job. I have loved learning all my life, and I have been studying web design, and web development since 2020.

I built my first two websites in 2009 using Dreamweaver. I installed WordPress on one of those sites in 2018, and have since built two other sites using WordPress. The last website I built uses the WordPress theme that I developed using _[underscores](https://underscores.me/)_ as a starter template. Although I like WordPress and what it has to offer for small businesses, I love writing JavaScript and CSS to bring my project ideas to life.

Continue reading about me in this profile, take a look at my personal [portfolio page](https://courageous-cuchufli-816711.netlify.app/) or download a [PDF version of my resume](https://github.com/Kernix13/Kernix13/blob/main/resume.pdf) from this repo.

<p align="center">––––––––––––––––––––––––––––––––––</p>
<h3 align="center"><em>💬 Ask me about camping, bushcraft, orienteering, botany, guitar, music theory, or outdoor photography</em>.</h3>
<p align="center">––––––––––––––––––––––––––––––––––</p>

## WHAT AM I WORKING ON?

✅ I'm currently taking a [UI Design course](https://designcourse.com/ui-ux) by Gary Simon.

✅ I converted one JavaScript project to TypeScript ([WriterAssist](https://github.com/Kernix13/WriterAssist)) and will be doing the same for my [Guitar Chord Namer](https://github.com/Kernix13/guitar-chord-names) project.

✅ **_Next to-do items_**: Analyze my portfolio projects from a functional and structural point-of-view so that building projects/apps in the future is easier and faster.

## COLLABORATION IDEAS

📌 I'm looking to collaborate with over devs on **_JS generated guitar chord SVGs_**.

📌 I'm looking for help with keyboard layouts for different languages to improve WriterAssist.

<!-- ## MY LATEST BLOG POSTS

- [Learn JavaScript: String and Array Methods](https://kernixwebdesign.com/website/learn-javascript-string-array-methods/)
- [Markdown Cheat Sheet for Beginners](https://kernixwebdesign.com/website/code/markdown-cheat-sheet-beginners/)
- [18 Graphic Design Tips for Your Website](https://kernixwebdesign.com/website/18-graphic-design-tips-websites/)
- [WordPress Recent Posts using a Custom Query](https://kernixwebdesign.com/website/code/wordpress-recent-posts-using-a-custom-query/) -->

## MY EDUCATION & EXPERIENCE

### Education

- B.S. Operations Management, Drexel University 1992
- [freeCodeCamp certifications](https://www.freecodecamp.org/fccb4a9d0f6-135f-4a94-97f5-795068269ca7):
  1. Responsive Web Design (issued July 2, 2021),
  2. JavaScript Algorithms and Data Structures (issued March 30, 2022)
- Currently taking _Foundational C#_ on Microsoft Learn via freeCodeCamp
- Udemy courses completed: [The Git & Github Bootcamp](https://www.udemy.com/certificate/UC-10fd2952-c4dd-4e6f-8028-76da9cddf5a2/), [Git: Mastering the Modern Workflow](https://www.udemy.com/certificate/UC-aeae04f7-40dc-4034-8710-716534007201/), [Mastering TypeScript - 2023 Edition](https://www.udemy.com/certificate/UC-1a114ac1-cc1a-4e44-b77d-5b71f26d0b96/), [Web Developer Bootcamp 2023](https://www.udemy.com/certificate/UC-c6de042a-140d-48f8-811f-2b0eeadfed5b/), [WordPress Theme & Plugin Development](https://www.udemy.com/certificate/UC-446c63fb-0bc4-4a53-953d-e03271470ce2/), [MySQL For Beginners](https://www.udemy.com/certificate/UC-e935b4b7-d8b4-4ecc-ae47-8406aadc6c59/), [Learn Laravel](https://www.udemy.com/certificate/UC-482bb2e8-6ca0-427a-82b1-b30ed44d8d6c/)

### Experience

- 12+ years as an Inventory Planner/Analyst for companies ranging from $10M to $4B in annual sales.
  - Responsibilities included using MS Excel and Access, and writing SAS programs for data analysis.
  - Daily & weekly communication with managers and co-workers and vendors.
- I started my pet services business in 2008 servicing 200+ clients and hiring 7 employees.
  - Built my website with Dreamweaver in 2009, and converted it to WordPress in 2018.
  - Wrote 85+ pages and posts with optimized images and on-page SEO.
- Remote position as a **Topic Creator** with _The HOTH_: SEO keyword research, meta title, meta description.
- Volunteer work for [Two Average Gamers](https://twoaveragegamers.com/) and [propMeUp](https://propmeup.net/):
  - **Two Average Gamers**: Google PSI score from ~43% to ~71%; added 301 redirects to .htaccess file.
  - **propMeup**: Finished client's website; taught the site owner via Slack Huddles how to use Elementor.
- Two clients on Fiverr (my [Fiverr profile](https://www.fiverr.com/jimkernicky?public_mode=true)): Finished a WordPress site | Converted PDF tables to HTML elements

## LANGUAGES AND TOOLS

### Strongest skills

<p align="left">
<span><img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/devicons/devicon/master/icons/html5/html5-original-wordmark.svg" width="48" height="48" alt="html icon" title="HTML5"/></span>
<span><img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/devicons/devicon/master/icons/css3/css3-original.svg" width="40" height="40" alt="css icon" title="CSS3" /></span>
<span><img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/devicons/devicon/master/icons/javascript/javascript-original.svg" width="40" height="40"  alt="javascript icon" title="JavaScript" /></span>
<span><img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/devicons/devicon/master/icons/typescript/typescript-original.svg" width="40" height="40" alt="Typescript icon" title="TypeScript" /></span>
<span><img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/devicons/devicon/master/icons/react/react-original.svg" width="40" height="40" alt="react icon" title="React" /></span>
<span><img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/devicons/devicon/master/icons/wordpress/wordpress-plain.svg" width="40" height="40" alt="wordpress icon" title="WordPress" /></span>
<span><img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/devicons/devicon/master/icons/bootstrap/bootstrap-original.svg" width="48" height="48" alt="bootstrap icon" title="Bootstrap" /></span>
<span><img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/devicons/devicon/master/icons/tailwindcss/tailwindcss-plain.svg" width="48" height="48" alt="tailwind icon" title="Tailwind CSS" /></span>
</p>
<p align="left">
<span><img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/devicons/devicon/master/icons/vscode/vscode-original.svg" width="40" height="40" alt="vs code icon" title="VS Code" /></span>
<span><img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/devicons/devicon/master/icons/git/git-original.svg" width="40" height="40" alt="git icon" title="Git" /></span>
<span><img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/devicons/devicon/master/icons/npm/npm-original-wordmark.svg" width="48" height="48" alt="npm icon" title="NPM" /></span>
<span><img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/devicons/devicon/master/icons/photoshop/photoshop-line.svg" width="48" height="48" alt="photoshop icon" title="Photoshop" /></span>
<span><img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/devicons/devicon/master/icons/inkscape/inkscape-original.svg" width="48" height="48" alt="inkscape icon" title="Inkscape" /></span>
<span><img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/devicons/devicon/master/icons/gimp/gimp-original.svg" width="48" height="48" alt="gimp icon" title="GIMP" /></span>
<span><img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/devicons/devicon/master/icons/slack/slack-original.svg" width="40" height="40" alt="slack icon" title="Slack" /></span>
<span><img src="https://github.com/Kernix13/Kernix13/blob/main/assets/markdown.svg" width="48" height="48" alt="markdown icon" title="Markdown" /></span>
<!-- <span><img src="https://github.com/Kernix13/Kernix13/blob/main/assets/codepen.svg" width="40" height="40" alt="codepen icon" title="CodePen" /></span> -->
</p>

### Experienced but not as strong as above

<p align="left">
<span><img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/devicons/devicon/master/icons/nodejs/nodejs-original.svg" width="40" height="40" alt="nodejs icon" title="Node.js" /></span>
<span><img src="https://github.com/Kernix13/Kernix13/blob/main/assets/express.svg" width="40" height="40" alt="Express icon" title="Express.js" /></span>
<span><img src="https://www.vectorlogo.zone/logos/getpostman/getpostman-icon.svg" width="40" height="40" alt="postman icon" title="Postman" /></span>
<span><img src="https://github.com/Kernix13/Kernix13/blob/main/insomnia.png" width="40" height="40" alt="Insomnia Rest icon" title="Insomnia Rest" /></span>
<span><img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/devicons/devicon/master/icons/php/php-original.svg" width="48" height="48" alt="php icon" title="PHP" /></span>
<span><img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/devicons/devicon/master/icons/mongodb/mongodb-original.svg" width="40" height="40" alt="mongodb icon" title="MongoDB" /></span>
<span><img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/devicons/devicon/master/icons/figma/figma-original.svg" width="40" height="40" alt="figma icon" title="Figma" /></span>
<span><img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/devicons/devicon/master/icons/webpack/webpack-original.svg" width="48" height="48" alt="webpack icon" title="Webpack" /></span>
<!-- <span><img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/devicons/devicon/master/icons/jquery/jquery-original.svg" width="40" height="40" alt="jquery icon" title="jQuery" /></span> -->
<!-- <span><img src="https://github.com/Kernix13/Kernix13/blob/main/assets/git-bash.svg" width="48" height="48" alt="bash icon" title="Git Bash" /></span> -->
<!-- <span><img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/devicons/devicon/master/icons/jest/jest-plain.svg" width="40" height="40" alt="Jest" title="Jest" /></span> -->
<!-- <span><img src="https://github.com/devicons/devicon/blob/master/icons/electron/electron-original.svg" width="48" height="48" alt="Electron" title="Electron" /></span> -->
</p>

<!-- https://github.com/devicons/devicon -->

## CLIENT TESTIMONIALS

| Aaron S. | Julian A., | Susan K. |
| :------: | :--------: | :------: |
| [campingventureshub.com](https://campingventureshub.com/) | [twoaveragegamers.com](https://twoaveragegamers.com/) | [propmeup.net](https://propmeup.net/) |
|   "_Jim was very knowledgeable with WordPress and completed all the goals and was in communication with me the entire time. Highly recommend using him, and I will be using his services again in the future._"      |   "_It’s our absolute pleasure to recommend Jim Kernicky for a Web Developer role. He worked with us at Two Average Gamers as our WordPress Web Developer since December 2021 and fully optimized our website for performance..._"         | "_Jim assisted PropMEUP! with the completion of our WordPress website. He was thorough, made valuable suggestions, was patient in training, and was always available to provide first-class service!_"       |

## SEND ME A MESSAGE

<p align="left">
<a href="https://linkedin.com/in/jim-kernicky" target="blank"><img align="center" src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/rahuldkjain/github-profile-readme-generator/master/src/images/icons/Social/linked-in-alt.svg" alt="jim-kernicky" height="24" width="32" /></a>
<a href="https://fb.com/jim.kernicky" target="blank"><img align="center" src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/rahuldkjain/github-profile-readme-generator/master/src/images/icons/Social/facebook.svg" alt="jim.kernicky" height="24" width="32" /></a>
<a href="mailto:jimkernicky@gmail.com">
  <img align="center" width="30" src="https://cdn-icons-png.flaticon.com/512/281/281769.png" />
</a>
<a href="https://twitter.com/jimkernicky" target="blank"><img align="center" src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/rahuldkjain/github-profile-readme-generator/master/src/images/icons/Social/twitter.svg" alt="https://twitter.com/jimkernicky" height="27" width="36" />
</a>
</p>

## GITHUB REPO LANGUAGES

<p><img src="https://github-readme-stats.vercel.app/api/top-langs?username=kernix13&show_icons=true&locale=en&count_private=true&layout=compact&theme=react&hide_border=true&bg_color=0D1117" alt="Kernix13's GitHub Top Languages" /></p>

## GITHUB STATS

<p><img src="https://github-readme-stats.vercel.app/api?username=kernix13&show_icons=true&count_private=true&theme=react&hide_border=true&bg_color=0D1117" alt="Kernix13 GitHub Stats" /></p>

Commit message:

Removed education, made other edits

README.md, after:

<!-- ![Jim's GitHub Banner](./assets/GitHubBanner500.jpg) -->
<!-- ![Jim's GitHub Banner](./assets/Ridleygold_1280.jpg) -->
<!-- ![Jim's GitHub Banner](./assets/GitHubAlchemy1.jpg) -->

![Jim's GitHub Banner](./assets/Ridleygold_1500x500.jpg 'Fall foliage at Ridley Creek State Park')
![GitHub commit activity](https://img.shields.io/github/commit-activity/y/Kernix13/Kernix13?style=for-the-badge)
![GitHub Followers](https://img.shields.io/github/followers/Kernix13?style=for-the-badge)
![Twitter Follow](https://img.shields.io/twitter/follow/jimkernicky?style=social)

<!-- ![freeCodeCamp](https://img.shields.io/freecodecamp/points/fccb4a9d0f6-135f-4a94-97f5-795068269ca7?label=freeCodeCamp&style=for-the-badge) -->
<!-- ![GitHub all releases](https://img.shields.io/github/downloads/Kernix13/Kernix13/total?style=flat-square) -->
<!-- [![hits](https://hits.deltapapa.io/github/Kernix13/hits-badge.svg)](https://hits.deltapapa.io) -->

**<h1 align="center"><ins>JAMES KERNICKY</ins></h1>**

<img src="https://github.com/Kernix13/Kernix13/blob/main/circle-profile-pic.png" >

## ABOUT ME

I live in Springfield, Pennsylvania, and have been building projects and apps using front-end and back-end languages and technologies with the goal of landing a Web Design or Front-End Developer job. I have loved learning all my life, and I have been studying web design, and web development since 2020.

I built my first two websites in 2009 using Dreamweaver. I installed WordPress on one of those sites in 2018, and have since built two other sites using WordPress. The last website I built uses the WordPress theme that I developed using _[underscores](https://underscores.me/)_ as a starter template. Although I like WordPress and what it has to offer for small businesses, I love writing JavaScript and CSS to bring my project ideas to life.

Continue reading about me in this profile, take a look at my personal [portfolio page](https://courageous-cuchufli-816711.netlify.app/) or download a [PDF version of my resume](https://github.com/Kernix13/Kernix13/blob/main/resume.pdf) from this repo.

<p align="center">––––––––––––––––––––––––––––––––––</p>
<h3 align="center"><em>💬 Ask me about camping, bushcraft, orienteering, botany, guitar, music theory, or outdoor photography</em>.</h3>
<p align="center">––––––––––––––––––––––––––––––––––</p>

## WHAT AM I WORKING ON?

✅ I'm currently taking a [UI Design course](https://designcourse.com/ui-ux) by Gary Simon.

✅ I converted one JavaScript project to TypeScript ([WriterAssist](https://github.com/Kernix13/WriterAssist)) and will be doing the same for my [Guitar Chord Namer](https://github.com/Kernix13/guitar-chord-names) project.

✅ It's been a while since I completed freeCodeCamp's [Web Design and JavaScript certifications](https://www.freecodecamp.org/fccb4a9d0f6-135f-4a94-97f5-795068269ca7), so I started their course _Foundational C#_ on the Microsoft Learn platform.

<!-- ✅ **_Next to-do items_**: Analyze my portfolio projects from a functional and structural point-of-view so that building projects/apps in the future is easier and faster. -->

## COLLABORATION IDEAS

📌 I'm looking to collaborate with over devs on **_JS generated guitar chord SVGs_**.

📌 I'm looking for help with keyboard layouts for different languages to improve WriterAssist.

<!-- ## MY LATEST BLOG POSTS

- [Learn JavaScript: String and Array Methods](https://kernixwebdesign.com/website/learn-javascript-string-array-methods/)
- [Markdown Cheat Sheet for Beginners](https://kernixwebdesign.com/website/code/markdown-cheat-sheet-beginners/)
- [18 Graphic Design Tips for Your Website](https://kernixwebdesign.com/website/18-graphic-design-tips-websites/)
- [WordPress Recent Posts using a Custom Query](https://kernixwebdesign.com/website/code/wordpress-recent-posts-using-a-custom-query/) -->

## MY EXPERIENCE

<!-- ### Education

- B.S. Operations Management, Drexel University 1992
- [freeCodeCamp certifications](https://www.freecodecamp.org/fccb4a9d0f6-135f-4a94-97f5-795068269ca7):
  1. Responsive Web Design (issued July 2, 2021),
  2. JavaScript Algorithms and Data Structures (issued March 30, 2022)
- Currently taking _Foundational C#_ on Microsoft Learn via freeCodeCamp
- Udemy courses completed: [The Git & Github Bootcamp](https://www.udemy.com/certificate/UC-10fd2952-c4dd-4e6f-8028-76da9cddf5a2/), [Git: Mastering the Modern Workflow](https://www.udemy.com/certificate/UC-aeae04f7-40dc-4034-8710-716534007201/), [Mastering TypeScript - 2023 Edition](https://www.udemy.com/certificate/UC-1a114ac1-cc1a-4e44-b77d-5b71f26d0b96/), [Web Developer Bootcamp 2023](https://www.udemy.com/certificate/UC-c6de042a-140d-48f8-811f-2b0eeadfed5b/), [WordPress Theme & Plugin Development](https://www.udemy.com/certificate/UC-446c63fb-0bc4-4a53-953d-e03271470ce2/), [MySQL For Beginners](https://www.udemy.com/certificate/UC-e935b4b7-d8b4-4ecc-ae47-8406aadc6c59/), [Learn Laravel](https://www.udemy.com/certificate/UC-482bb2e8-6ca0-427a-82b1-b30ed44d8d6c/) -->

<!-- ### Experience -->

- 12+ years as an Inventory Planner/Analyst for companies ranging from $10M to $4B in annual sales.
  - Responsibilities included using MS Excel and Access, and writing SAS programs for data analysis.
  - Daily & weekly communication with managers and co-workers and vendors.
- I started my pet services business in 2008 servicing 200+ clients and hiring 7 employees.
  - Built my website with Dreamweaver in 2009, and converted it to WordPress in 2018.
  - Wrote 85+ pages and posts with optimized images and on-page SEO.
- Remote position as a **Topic Creator** with _The HOTH_:
  - Researched the best SEO keyword phrases and related phrases for client orders.
  - Wrote the SEO title and Meta Description used by the Writers.
- Volunteer work for [Two Average Gamers](https://twoaveragegamers.com/) and [propMeUp](https://propmeup.net/):
  - **Two Average Gamers**: Increased Lighthouse score from ~43% to ~71%; wrote 301 redirects for the .htaccess file.
  - **propMeup**: Finished the website and taught the site owner via Slack Huddles how to edit page content using Elementor.
- Two clients on Fiverr (my [Fiverr profile](https://www.fiverr.com/jimkernicky?public_mode=true)): Finished a WordPress site | Converted PDF tables to HTML elements

## LANGUAGES AND TOOLS

### Strongest skills

<p align="left">
<span><img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/devicons/devicon/master/icons/html5/html5-original-wordmark.svg" width="48" height="48" alt="html icon" title="HTML5"/></span>
<span><img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/devicons/devicon/master/icons/css3/css3-original.svg" width="40" height="40" alt="css icon" title="CSS3" /></span>
<span><img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/devicons/devicon/master/icons/javascript/javascript-original.svg" width="40" height="40"  alt="javascript icon" title="JavaScript" /></span>
<span><img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/devicons/devicon/master/icons/typescript/typescript-original.svg" width="40" height="40" alt="Typescript icon" title="TypeScript" /></span>
<span><img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/devicons/devicon/master/icons/react/react-original.svg" width="40" height="40" alt="react icon" title="React" /></span>
<span><img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/devicons/devicon/master/icons/wordpress/wordpress-plain.svg" width="40" height="40" alt="wordpress icon" title="WordPress" /></span>
<span><img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/devicons/devicon/master/icons/bootstrap/bootstrap-original.svg" width="48" height="48" alt="bootstrap icon" title="Bootstrap" /></span>
<span><img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/devicons/devicon/master/icons/tailwindcss/tailwindcss-plain.svg" width="48" height="48" alt="tailwind icon" title="Tailwind CSS" /></span>
</p>
<p align="left">
<span><img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/devicons/devicon/master/icons/vscode/vscode-original.svg" width="40" height="40" alt="vs code icon" title="VS Code" /></span>
<span><img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/devicons/devicon/master/icons/git/git-original.svg" width="40" height="40" alt="git icon" title="Git" /></span>
<span><img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/devicons/devicon/master/icons/npm/npm-original-wordmark.svg" width="48" height="48" alt="npm icon" title="NPM" /></span>
<span><img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/devicons/devicon/master/icons/photoshop/photoshop-line.svg" width="48" height="48" alt="photoshop icon" title="Photoshop" /></span>
<span><img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/devicons/devicon/master/icons/inkscape/inkscape-original.svg" width="48" height="48" alt="inkscape icon" title="Inkscape" /></span>
<span><img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/devicons/devicon/master/icons/gimp/gimp-original.svg" width="48" height="48" alt="gimp icon" title="GIMP" /></span>
<span><img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/devicons/devicon/master/icons/slack/slack-original.svg" width="40" height="40" alt="slack icon" title="Slack" /></span>
<span><img src="https://github.com/Kernix13/Kernix13/blob/main/assets/markdown.svg" width="48" height="48" alt="markdown icon" title="Markdown" /></span>
<!-- <span><img src="https://github.com/Kernix13/Kernix13/blob/main/assets/codepen.svg" width="40" height="40" alt="codepen icon" title="CodePen" /></span> -->
</p>

### Experienced but not as strong as above

<p align="left">
<span><img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/devicons/devicon/master/icons/nodejs/nodejs-original.svg" width="40" height="40" alt="nodejs icon" title="Node.js" /></span>
<span><img src="https://github.com/Kernix13/Kernix13/blob/main/assets/express.svg" width="40" height="40" alt="Express icon" title="Express.js" /></span>
<span><img src="https://www.vectorlogo.zone/logos/getpostman/getpostman-icon.svg" width="40" height="40" alt="postman icon" title="Postman" /></span>
<span><img src="https://github.com/Kernix13/Kernix13/blob/main/insomnia.png" width="40" height="40" alt="Insomnia Rest icon" title="Insomnia Rest" /></span>
<span><img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/devicons/devicon/master/icons/php/php-original.svg" width="48" height="48" alt="php icon" title="PHP" /></span>
<span><img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/devicons/devicon/master/icons/mongodb/mongodb-original.svg" width="40" height="40" alt="mongodb icon" title="MongoDB" /></span>
<span><img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/devicons/devicon/master/icons/figma/figma-original.svg" width="40" height="40" alt="figma icon" title="Figma" /></span>
<span><img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/devicons/devicon/master/icons/webpack/webpack-original.svg" width="48" height="48" alt="webpack icon" title="Webpack" /></span>
<!-- <span><img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/devicons/devicon/master/icons/jquery/jquery-original.svg" width="40" height="40" alt="jquery icon" title="jQuery" /></span> -->
<!-- <span><img src="https://github.com/Kernix13/Kernix13/blob/main/assets/git-bash.svg" width="48" height="48" alt="bash icon" title="Git Bash" /></span> -->
<!-- <span><img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/devicons/devicon/master/icons/jest/jest-plain.svg" width="40" height="40" alt="Jest" title="Jest" /></span> -->
<!-- <span><img src="https://github.com/devicons/devicon/blob/master/icons/electron/electron-original.svg" width="48" height="48" alt="Electron" title="Electron" /></span> -->
</p>

<!-- https://github.com/devicons/devicon -->

## CLIENT TESTIMONIALS

| Aaron S. | Julian A., | Susan K. |
| :------: | :--------: | :------: |
| [campingventureshub.com](https://campingventureshub.com/) | [twoaveragegamers.com](https://twoaveragegamers.com/) | [propmeup.net](https://propmeup.net/) |
|   "_Jim was very knowledgeable with WordPress and completed all the goals and was in communication with me the entire time. Highly recommend using him, and I will be using his services again in the future._"      |   "_It’s our absolute pleasure to recommend Jim Kernicky for a Web Developer role. He worked with us at Two Average Gamers as our WordPress Web Developer since December 2021 and fully optimized our website for performance..._"         | "_Jim assisted PropMEUP! with the completion of our WordPress website. He was thorough, made valuable suggestions, was patient in training, and was always available to provide first-class service!_"       |

## SEND ME A MESSAGE

<p align="left">
<a href="https://linkedin.com/in/jim-kernicky" target="blank"><img align="center" src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/rahuldkjain/github-profile-readme-generator/master/src/images/icons/Social/linked-in-alt.svg" alt="jim-kernicky" height="24" width="32" /></a>
<a href="https://fb.com/jim.kernicky" target="blank"><img align="center" src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/rahuldkjain/github-profile-readme-generator/master/src/images/icons/Social/facebook.svg" alt="jim.kernicky" height="24" width="32" /></a>
<a href="mailto:jimkernicky@gmail.com">
  <img align="center" width="30" src="https://cdn-icons-png.flaticon.com/512/281/281769.png" />
</a>
<a href="https://twitter.com/jimkernicky" target="blank"><img align="center" src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/rahuldkjain/github-profile-readme-generator/master/src/images/icons/Social/twitter.svg" alt="https://twitter.com/jimkernicky" height="27" width="36" />
</a>
</p>

## GITHUB REPO LANGUAGES

<p><img src="https://github-readme-stats.vercel.app/api/top-langs?username=kernix13&show_icons=true&locale=en&count_private=true&layout=compact&theme=react&hide_border=true&bg_color=0D1117" alt="Kernix13's GitHub Top Languages" /></p>

## GITHUB STATS

<p><img src="https://github-readme-stats.vercel.app/api?username=kernix13&show_icons=true&count_private=true&theme=react&hide_border=true&bg_color=0D1117" alt="Kernix13 GitHub Stats" /></p>
